$jumbostart$

$jumbologo$

# What is SUMO? fl fi

SUMO is the Stanford University Math Organization. We are the
**by-students-for-students math club** on campus. We host various events that
are **open to everyone**: math majors and non-math majors, graduate and
undergraduate.

$end$

# What events does SUMO run?

$row$

$halfbox$

## Colloquium / Speaker Series

*4:15 to 5:05 PM each Thursday in 380-380C*

This is a weekly talk given by a professor, grad student, or visitor about
undergraduate-accessible topics in pure and applied mathematics that go beyond
the standard curriculum. You can get 1 unit of credit for your attendance by
signing up for MATH&nbsp;196; of course, you're also welcome to just show up.
Food is provided afterwards.

[More information »]()

$end$

$halfbox$

## Symposium

*5:00 to 6:00 PM each Tuesday in 380-383N*

This is a weekly informal talk or discussion led by an undergraduate or graduate
student about any math-related topic of their choosing. You are welcome not only
to attend, but also to sign up to give a talk yourself!

[More information »]()

$end$

$end$

$row$

$halfbox$

## Stanford Math Tournament

This is a competition we write and run every February for hundreds of local
high-school students as well as a number of teams from across the country and
even across the world. For many high-school students, this is an important
opportunity to solve some very fun problems and meet other math enthusiasts. We
encourage you to help out; you can get involved as early as fall quarter!

[More information »]()

$end$

$halfbox$

## American Regions Math League

Each year, the Bay Area sends several extremely strong teams to ARML, a
prestigious, national math contest for high schoolers. SUMO members coach these
teams and accompany them to the competition each spring.

$end$

$end$

$row$

$halfbox$

## Math Mingle

*4:00 to 6:00 PM each Friday in 380-381U*

This is a fun weekly social event where students interested in math can
socialize over interesting mathematical ideas and free food in a laid-back
atmosphere. Problems and puzzles will be provided but you are welcome to bring
in your own mental challenges!

[More information »]()

$end$

$halfbox$

## Tutoring

*6:00 to 10:00 PM each Monday and Wednesday in 380-381T*

We run twice-weekly tutoring sessions for students in the MATH 51/52/53 course
series.

[More information »]()

$end$

$end$

## Other Events

We're planning on running a few special events throughout the year:

$row$

$halfbox$

### Puzzle Hunt

*10:00 AM to 6:00 PM on Saturday, April 20th*

Last year we hosted a puzzle hunt in the style of the MIT Mystery Hunt.

$end$

$halfbox$

### Movie Night

We will be hosting a Movie Night a few times each quarter. Dinner will be
provided.

$end$

$end$

# Other information

We've also created a page about various mathematical opportunities, including a
lot of summer programs.

Feel free to contact one of us to see what we're up to or to suggest new
activites!
