# How to Write an Original SMT Problem {.title}

Many of you have expressed interest in writing problems for SMT, but were
unsure of how to get started. To facilitate the process, we have compiled a
list of tips and tricks that other problem writers have found useful in the
past.

1. Try focusing on one good idea. Have you ever come across a problem solving
technique or old contest problem that you thought was really cool? We often use
these past good ideas as launching pads from which we can write similar, but
distinct, problems. We especially like to adapt examples in which elementary
techniques are applied in unexpected ways, rather than when the solution
requires the knowledge of some esoteric theorem (one thing we like to say is
that we want to test contestants' abilities to think, not their knowledge).

2. Ask yourself (and other people) random questions. Lots of good problems come
from people wondering about what they can prove about functions or diagrams
they randomly come up with. This strategy works even better if you propose
half-formed problem ideas to other people. They may have some insights into
solving your problem, or propose modifications that improve it.

3. Draw upon real life experiences. If you keep your mind open, every once in a
while you'll come across something that just begs to be written down into a
math problem. When you do, make a note of it! Crafting a contest problem that's
motivated by real life experiences is especially rewarding.

4. Don't worry that your problem is too easy. Writing easy problems is an art
in and of itself, and finding good easy problems is surprisingly difficult.
It's especially nice if easy problems have both a quick, elegant solution and a
slower, more obvious one; this way, advanced contestants can move quickly
through them while less experienced contestants will still have something to
work on.

Hope this helps!

!!!largebutton [Back to Problem-writing Home](/smt/problem-writing/index.html)
