# Tutoring {.title}

$row$
$halfbox$
## About
SUMO provides student tutors for the Math 50s series classes who are available
to answer questions about any of the three classes in the series. Our tutors can
help you with homework questions or review the material covered in class.

No appointment is required to attend tutoring; just show up and our tutors will
help you out. You don't even need to have questions beforehand; many students
work on their 50s homework during tutoring, asking questions when they encounter
difficulties.

This program is not aimed towards Math 50H students, but if you have questions
feel free to drop by and discuss them with our tutors.

Please remember that although tutors are here to help, they are not substitutes
for going to lecture and section. You should make every effort to go to class.
$end$

$halfbox$
## Schedule
Starting the second week of each quarter, tutoring for the Math 50s series
classes will occur **every Monday and Wednesday from 6:00 PM to 10:00
PM**. Tutoring for the 2014 Spring Quarter will begin on Monday, April 7 and
will be held in the math corner, **room 380-381T**. Tutoring will occur on
Memorial Day and continue through Dead Week.

If you are unclear as to whether there will be tutoring on a particular day or
have any other questions, please e-mail Han Raut (hraut@stanford.edu).

## Notes
One of our tutors, Joseph Victor, wrote a supplement to the Math 51 textbook and
lectures. They can be found [here](/pdfs/LinearAlgebraNotes.pdf).

Another one of our tutors, Arun Debray, took lecture notes for Math 53. They can
be found [here](http://stanford.edu/~adebray/53notes.pdf).
$end$
$end$

$row$
$halfbox$
## Becoming a Tutor
If you are interested in becoming a 50s tutor, we hire new tutors at the start
of Fall, Winter, and Spring Quarter of each academic year (if there are
available positions). Tutors should be able to help students with *all three
classes* of the 50s series.

Tutoring position announcements are sent to the [SUMO mailing
list](https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/sumo-announce).  If you do
not want to subscribe to the SUMO mailing list but would like to receive
tutoring announcements, or if you have any questions, please e-mail Han Raut
(hraut@stanford.edu).
$end$
$end$
